Exercise 1.3: Functions and Other Operations in Python
Learning Goals

Implement conditional statements in Python to determine program flow
Use loops to reduce time and effort in Python programming
Write functions to organize Python code

Reflection Questions

In this Exercise, you learned how to use if-elif-else statements to run different tasks based on conditions that you define. Now practice that skill by writing a script for a simple travel app using an if-elif-else statement for the following situation:  
The script should ask the user where they want to travel. 
The user’s input should be checked for 3 different travel destinations that you define. 
If the user’s input is one of those 3 destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Enjoy your stay in ______!”
If the user’s input is something other than the defined destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Oops, that destination is not currently available.”
	
Write your script here. (Hint: remember what you learned about indents!)



Imagine you’re at a job interview for a Python developer role. The interviewer says “Explain logical operators in Python”. Draft how you would respond.

		- There are 3 operators in Python: and, or, & not. They check that certain conditions are met before deciding the execution path your programs will follow.



What are functions in Python? When and why are they useful?
		
		- Functions are sets of instructions that process or manipulate the code in order to achieve certain things. They’re useful because they define steps of operation in the code, and you can use them to condense steps and save time. 


In the section for Exercise 1 in this Learning Journal, you were asked in question 3 to set some goals for yourself while you complete this course.  In preparation for your next mentor call, make some notes on how you’ve progressed towards your goals so far.

		- Well, I’ve learned a lot about Python so far. I learned about functions, loops, if-else statements, data types, operators…cramming a lot into the old brain tank. I’ve only kind of touched on actually building my Python project, so let’s hope that I get to progress on that aspect in the next Exercise.